# Introduction #

IDA Sync

---

obaby <root@h4ck.ws>
Pedram Amini <pedram.amini@gmail.com>

IDA Sync was written to allow multiple analysts to synchronize their reverse
engineering efforts with IDA Pro in real time. Users connect to a central server
through the ida\_sync plugin. Once connected, all comments and name changes made
with the registered hot keys are immediately transmitted to all other users
working on the same project. The central server stores a copy of all changes as
well, allowing new analysts to jump on the project and immediately receive up
to date information.

Included in the source release is a C++ class providing IDA Pro plugin
developers with an abstracted asynchronous I/O environment.


# Details #

07.13.2012
> - Ported to IDA 6.xx
> - Add support to breakpoints sync
> -Breakpoint state (enabled,disabled)
> -Breakpoint mode (soft,hard)
> -Breakpoint comment(just nonrepeatable comment)
> > - Filter the dummy name generated by the IDA
> > - Add sleep code to performance a good data sync

07.25.2006

> - Ported to IDA 5.0
> - Updated shortcut keys

07.xx.2005
> - Anonymous: Fixed WINSOCK name resolution in IDAconnector::server\_connect so it always works and fixed order of calls to initialize WINSOCK for proper DNS resolution.
> - Anonymous: Added support for renaming stack variables.
> - Anonymous: Fixed name hook to use appropriate flags on name change.
> - Anonymous: Added hook for publishing all function names to the server.

04.05.2005
> - Ported to IDA 4.8

03.10.2005
> - Andrew Hintz: Moved WSAStartup() call above the host name resolution in IDAconnector::server\_connect. Was causing issues in some cases.
> - Stefan Esser: Fixed off-by-one in calls to recv() within IDAconnector::server\_connect and connector\_pull().

03.01.2005
> - Initial Release